Then let her be the manager of our highly valued farm,
I refuse and let you return the war price,
It’s already a huge step forward,
If it weren’t for the fact that you were taking measures under the Divine King of Beijing,
You are not even qualified enough to enter my door.
The word is that he killed grandpa, and he will fight for whatever he wants.
You need to get some training first, then you can immediately run like a grandpa in the flow of heaven.
What I said is right. If you want to return to the bargaining price,
You have to be punished, come on,
Tianquan, as long as you say you can bear it,
Feng Tiao Fifteen Fifteen Fifteen Fifteen Fifteen Fifteen Fifteen Fifteen Fifteen Fifteen Fifteen Fifteen Fifty fifty fifty fifty fifty fifty
Our Zhan family will do our best to treat you
Risk eighty times
and enough for
That's because he can't think of it
person without ability
There’s no need to stay at Zhan’s house
Better to die
What are you doing here?
enough for me
I'm coming today
Just to fight to the death
You fight Tiancheng
You blatantly wanted to be suppressed by my instructions
How dare you take my Fu'er name?
I tell you
Don't look at you as working under the King of Anti-Xiangshen.
I can't do anything to you Zhanfu
The lucky grandpa who killed me hates me
Loneliness is the hand that has been picked off